Now that we have our app navigator in the right state, now comes the question, well, what do we do
with the restaurant screen and how exactly is this going to work?
Well, the one thing that we need to do is we're going to start creating navigators for each one of
these tabs.
So we'll have a restaurant stop navigator docs in this navigator is solely going to be responsible for
all of the navigation that can occur with in the restaurants tab and so that Restaurants Navigator is
going to import, react from react.
As always, very important step unless you're just building style components.
And then we'll import the Create Stack Navigator.
Riak navigation.
And so this is pulling in the stack navigation from the stack package, and this allows us basically
to create a navigation that is instead of going to be Tabby's going to be stacked based.
So pushing stacks and stacks and stacks where where the ability is basically screens to flow in a natural
state, whether it be left to right, right to left modals.
So.
Think of it as screen's layered on top of each other, and so the first thing we need to do is we need
to say CONSED Restaurant STAC.
Is equal to.
Create Stack Navigator.
And then we'll say CONSED restaurant's navigator is equal to a component that is going to return the
restaurant STAC.
DOT navigator.
And now the reason that we don't need a navigation container, just like we did around the App Navigator,
is because this restaurant stack is going to live within the Tab Navigator.
So it's not a separate, holistic navigator.
It's a sub navigator with in this navigation paradigm so that that can become a bit confusing.
Think of it this way.
This is our main navigation.
This is our main navigation container.
And within the TAB navigation, we're creating a stack navigation that's going to sub stack inside of
the restaurants tab.
OK, so knowing that what we need to do now is we need to close off the navigator.
You always want to close that off and then.
What we can do is we can take this and instead of a navigator will have a dot screen and that thought
screen is going to be what's going to consume the restaurant screen.
So let's go and pull in restaurant screen inside of here and with restaurant screen.
What we can do now is in the stock screen, we can say the name is equal to restaurants and then we'll
say the component is equal to the restaurant screen.
And by doing this now, we can take the restaurant navigator, we can go back inside.
Our navigator will remove this and then we'll say import restaurant, navigator, restaurants, navigator
from DOT's Restaurant Navigator.
And instead of having the restaurant screen in here, we will have the restaurant navigator.
OK, so now we've kind of gone end to end and you may be thinking, OK, well, what's going to happen
now?
Well, if we go back to over here and we quickly reload our app, what we're going to see is unable
to resolve module reac navigation stack.
From source infrastructure, so let's go to our package, Jason, and just quickly make sure Stack.
And it seems that we still need to install the stack navigation.
Oh, we forgot.
So if we go back over here and we go to react navigation and we look for the stack.
Right, we look at, for instance, the getting started.
Right over here now, if we look at the hello world, we can see here that we still need to install
Riak navigation stack.
So it's a separate package.
Remember when we installed the TAB Navigation?
Well, when we installed the TAB Navigation, we installed all of the base packages for reac navigation.
We installed the navigation native, which is the toolset, the utility bar, and we installed the bottom
tabs package.
But now because we want stack navigation, well, remember when we said that reac navigation was fully
customizable?
Right.
It's an extensible platform, completely customizable.
That's because they split out everything into separate packages.
So what we need to do is we need to go inside our terminal and will open a new terminal and we'll say
yarn, we'll say yarn, add react native navigation stack.
And this will install the package that will allow the stack navigation module to actually create the
stack that we require.
OK, so so this part is kind of elusive because when we talk about STAC navigation, right back navigation
is one of those concepts where we're trying to create multiple stacked screens instead of a navigator,
kind of like this, right, where we have a home stack and we can then configure subsequent screens,
but we're doing it inside of a tab navigator.
So now that this is installed, we can reload.
And once we reload, what we'll see happen here when we go into our node is it's rebundle and once it's
finished bundling, we'll see.
Right here that we still have one error, couldn't find component get component children from the screen
restaurants.
Let's let's look at this restaurant navigator is coming from.
Restaurants Navigator in the Restaurant Navigator.
We need to export that which we forgot.
And by doing this now, we can see that our app will work as if it already did work.
OK, so the app is working as intended.
Now, what happens when I give this a different name?
Let's say I called it Hello World.
Right, the name.
Well, if I give it the name Hello World, it's still the first stack that's going to render.
So it's it's the very first screen that is rendering inside my Stack Navigator, and that is why it's
getting precedent's.
So if I if I, for instance, said Restaurant Stack Navigator and I said restaurants one.
And I said, here, render out no.
Well, that's that's obviously not going to render out anything and so now well.
I kind of broke my app because it's showing restaurants one as a first.
Item on the stack now.
One more thing to note here is we're seeing this Heather Barr over here.
So what we want to do is we want to see Heather mode is equal to none because we don't want to see any
headers in here.
And by doing that, the heather disappears and it looks nice.
So knowing this now and knowing how this will work, let's start building out or looking at how our
detailed screen will actually work because we now have our stack navigation.
And what we can basically do is we can create multiple stacked screens here and we can transition between
them based on a click action.
So let's take a look at that.